Implements JSON-string connection representation generator (#35723)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/howto/connection.rst

        }
    }'

Generating a JSON connection representation
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. versionadded:: 2.8.0

To make connection JSON generation easier, the :py:class:`~airflow.models.connection.Connection` class has a
convenience property :py:meth:`~airflow.models.connection.Connection.as_json`. It can be used like so:

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> from airflow.models.connection import Connection
    >>> c = Connection(
    ...     conn_id="some_conn",
    ...     conn_type="mysql",
    ...     description="connection description",
    ...     host="myhost.com",
    ...     login="myname",
    ...     password="mypassword",
    ...     extra={"this_param": "some val", "that_param": "other val*"},
    ... )
    >>> print(f"AIRFLOW_CONN_{c.conn_id.upper()}='{c.as_json()}'")
    AIRFLOW_CONN_SOME_CONN='{"conn_type": "mysql", "description": "connection description", "host": "myhost.com", "login": "myname", "password": "mypassword", "extra": {"this_param": "some val", "that_param": "other val*"}}'

> In additional same approach could be use for convert from URI Connection format to JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, same approach could be used to convert Connection from URI format to JSON format
```
